Copyright (C) 2008-2014 Ken Johnson (Skywing)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


For terms specific to "zlib", refer to "zlib/README".



The following applies to "NWNScriptCompilerLib" which contains content from
Edward T. Smith and The Open Knights Consortium (see further acknowledgement
in README.TXT for details).


Copyright (c) 2002-2003, Edward T. Smith.  All rights reserved.
Copyright (c) 2003, The Open Knights Consortium.  All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
   list of conditions, the following disclaimer, and acknowledgements.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions, the following disclaimer, and acknowledgements in
   the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the name of the Open Knights, Edward T. Smith, this project
   (NWN Tools) nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or
   promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
   permission.

DISCLAIMER:
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Acknowledgement of Bioware's Contribution and Intellectual Property:
This program and material is intended to examine, produce or modify data
structures which may be used by Bioware's Neverwinter Nights programs. Inputs
to this program may include data produced by Bioware or its partners as part of
the Neverwinter Nights product or its expansions and sequals. When the output
data structures from this program are so used and/or are made with such inputs,
then the terms of the Bioware Neverwinter Nights End User License Agreements
governing the production and use of such data structures still apply.



